"Where is he?" wonders Sophia like "explain something" in her role as the oldest-sister-still-living-at-home-and-therefore-in-charge-of-everything-including-worrying. "Is the beach still even open after Labor Day?"
"No," says Victoria, because she knows all the municipal rules and regulations better than the mayor of Seaside Heights. "The last day of the season is, officially, Labor Day, and even then, lifeguards are only on duty from ten in the morning until five at night, weather permitting. However, since Dad is the head lifeguard, he has other responsibilities, such as..."
As usual, Victoria babbles on. And, as usual, nobody listens to her.
"I wonder if there was a big cruise ship wreck somewhere," says Sophia, even more dramatically than Mr. Brimer would. "What if Dad had to go help rescue people?"
"I hope he remembered to take his paddleboard," I crack.
We go back and forth about Dad for maybe thirty minutes. Everybody has a theory. Pretty soon, we're popping some microwave popcorn to tide us over until suppertime (yes, I almost break into Snoopy's big number) because none of us knows when suppertime might actually be. We always try to eat dinner as a family, but that's extremely difficult when the "head of the family" is working late doing paperwork about shark bites. Or something.
While we’re passing around the popcorn bowl, Sophia changes the subject to her favorite topic: boys.
"So, Chad and I are going to the movies next weekend. He wants to see Die Hard 2 but I want to see Ghost."
I raise my hand. "Um, hello? Who's Chad?"
"This guy I'm dating. He goes to Rutgers Prep."
"What happened to Mike Guadagno?" With Sophia, it’s hard to keep up with the boy parade.
Sophia shrugs. "Mike was nice. But Chad is dreamy."
"I still like Mike," says Hannah. "I think he's dreamy, too."
"I'm hungry," Emma, the Little Boss, blurts out.
"We should wait for Dad," suggests Hannah.
"We've been waiting for Dad," says Riley.
"I think we’re past the two-hour rule," I say, checking out the kitchen clock. It's nearly seven.
"Should we call the police?" says Hannah.
"No," says Emma. "We should call the pizza guys."
Emma bulldozes her way across the kitchen to the wall phone. (Yes, back then, we actually bolted telephones to walls, and the handsets were attached to their base by long, curled cords. Weird, huh?) She speed-dials Three Brothers from Italy Pizza, our family fave, I guess because we're Seven Sisters from Seaside Heights. Emma's order is the same as it always is: two plain cheese pizzas.
Emma hangs up the phone and opens up the cookie jar, where Dad and Mom keep our “emergency cash."
"Dinner will be here in thirty minutes," she announces. "Everybody finish your homework and wash your hands."
The pizza shows up around seven thirty.
Dad?
He doesn't show up until after eleven.
"Come on," says Meredith, elbowing her way through the mob.
"Hey, watch it," snaps a blond girl named Beth Bennett, who's never been very nice to me.
"Sorry," says Meredith.
"You should be," mutters Beth as she spins around and pushes her way out of the mob. She’s kind of huffy and puffy about it, too. The last thing I hear her say is "I wanted Lucy, not Patty."
"See?" says Meredith. She points at a sheet of paper Scotch-taped under the little rectangular window on Ms. O'Mara's classroom door.
And there it is. A simple typed list that, more or less, changes my whole life.
CHARLIE BROWN–Bill Phillips
SCHROEDER–Dan Napolitano
LUCY VAN PELT–Meredith Crawford
LINUS VAN PELT–Jeff Cohen
PATTY–Beth Bennett
SNOOPY–Jacky Hart
LITTLE RED-HAIRED GIRL–Somebody

Out of con­trol, Bonasera leaned for­ward to­ward the aisle and shouted hoarsely, "You will weep as I have wept — I will make you weep as your chil­dren make me weep" — the linen at his eyes now. The de­fense at­tor­neys bring­ing up the rear swept their cli­ents for­ward in a tight little band, en­vel­op­ing the two young men, who had star­ted back down the aisle as if to pro­tect their par­ents. A huge bailiff moved quickly to block the row in which Bonasera stood. But it was not ne­ces­sary.
All his years in America, Amerigo Bonasera had trus­ted in law and or­der. And he had prospered thereby. Now, though his brain smoked with hatred, though wild vis­ions of buy­ing a gun and killing the two young men jangled the very bones of his skull, Bonasera turned to his still un­com­pre­hend­ing wife and ex­plained to her, "They have made fools of us." He paused and then made his de­cision, no longer fear­ing the cost. "For justice we must go on our knees to Don Cor­le­one."
IN A GAR­ISHLY DEC­OR­ATED Los Angeles hotel suite, Johnny Font­ane was as jeal­ously drunk as any or­din­ary hus­band. Sprawled on a red couch, he drank straight from the bottle of scotch in his hand, then washed the taste away by dunk­ing his mouth in a crys­tal bucket of ice cubes and wa­ter. It was four in the morn­ing and he was spin­ning drunken fantas­ies of mur­der­ing his trampy wife when she got home. If she ever did come home.
It was too late to call his first wife and ask about the kids and he felt funny about call­ing any of his friends now that his ca­reer was plunging down­hill. There had been a time when they would have been de­lighted, flattered by his call­ing them at four in the morn­ing but now he bored them. He could even smile a little to him­self as he thought that on the way up Johnny Font­ane’s troubles had fas­cin­ated some of the greatest fe­male stars in Amer­ica.
Gulp­ing at his bottle of scotch, he heard fi­nally his wife’s key in the door, but he kept drink­ing un­til she walked into the room and stood be­fore him. She was to him so very beau­ti­ful, the an­gelic face, soul­ful vi­olet eyes, the del­ic­ately fra­gile but per­fectly formed body. On the screen her beauty was mag­ni­fied, spir­itu­al­ized. A hun­dred mil­lion men all over the world were in love with the face of Mar­got Ashton. And paid to see it on the screen.
"Where the hell were you?" Johnny Font­ane asked.
"Out fuck­ing," she said.
She had mis­judged his drunk­en­ness. He sprang over the cock­tail table and grabbed her by the throat. But close up to that ma­gical face, the lovely vi­olet eyes, he lost his an­ger and be­came help­less again. She made the mis­take of smil­ing mock­ingly, saw his fist draw back. She screamed, "Johnny, not in the face, I’m mak­ing a pic­ture."
To be honest, there are a couple of characters and a whole boatload of chorus people listed after me, but I don't even know if they have names. All I really see are Meredith's name and mine.
LUCY VAN PELT–Meredith Crawford
SNOOPY–Jacky Hart
Time shifts into super slo-mo and I stare at our names for hours.
Okay, it's really about fifteen seconds.
"Way to go, Bill," I hear some kids say as they clap a cute guy on his back.
"Will you still help me with my math homework now that you’re a star?" some other guy says to him.
Bill laughs and says, "I'll try to squeeze you in."
"Hi, Bill," says Meredith, because she’s sort of bold that way. Me? I may act crazy in public, but I’m actually very shy.
"Hey," says Bill.
"I'm Meredith. Meredith Crawford. Congratulations on Charlie Brown."
"Thanks. Same to you. I heard you sing at the auditions. Man, your Lucy is going to be incredible."
"Thanks! Oh, this is my friend Jacky. She's Snoopy."
Bill smiles but looks confused. "I don't remember seeing you at auditions."
"She had a family thing," says Meredith. "So they auditioned her yesterday, right?"
"Yeah," I say. "Y-y-yesterday."
"Cool," says Bill. A bell rings. "Guess we better head to class. See you two at rehearsal tomorrow. Break a leg."
"Huh?" I snap, wondering why a nice boy I just met would wish me bodily harm.
Meredi